provide access to API from show_launcher (#2418)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: CHANGES.rst

New Features
------------

> - Improved design of Launcher and pass filepath arg from cli when no config specified. [#2311, #2417, #2418]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved design of Launcher and pass filepath argument from CLI when no configuration is specified. [#2311, #2417, #2418]
```
